traveled to the stables of mark kavanagh
this morning to catch up with him ahead
of saturday's meeting at moonee valley
with stable star who begat choose
chasing a third straight dart o tan chin
nan stinks he does have an excellent
record at Moonee Valley at the mile so
we do sort of target this race every
year I think he's going just as well as
he was last year dollar fifty yeah well
I suppose that's that's pretty sure
didn't it but he does have a good record
at Moonee Valley it's been a month since
he's first up assignment but the horses
improved according to Cavanaugh I'm
pretty happy with him look I think the
jump out at Werribee although he didn't
win but he wasn't pushed out and it was
just enough to you know top him off
perfect for Saturday he was an
impressive first up winner at caulfield
but kevin has a little wary of the form
coming out of that race it is a concern
and if you're a history or a statistic
men often the winner of the listing
stakes doesn't win another race for the
season lucky listening Peter Lorre it's
the horse they alleged was unlucky
behind here we got you the other day it
was generally not quite so good on
Saturday as well so you know I think
there's certainly a cloud over the
phones from the pedialyte was a mini
Valley track specialist and heads back
there on Saturday with his ultimate aim
a third tilt at the cox plate you know
you just got to keep trying that's
there's not a lot of races around in the
spring for him I mean the cox plate sort
of suits because of his excellent mini
valley record he's the winner at the
2,000 at the cox plate distance of many
that is the problem is the only time
he's ever been beaten at many that is
both been in cox plates came has got a
terrific team engaged on saturday plenty
of eyes will be on shrapnel first up in
the McEwen stakes but he suggested the
horse might need the run that's a very
strong field that he's in and
unfortunately he doesn't perform at his
best first up he's a big fat stallion
and he may need the run but certainly
he's got a good racing in the spring
the premier trainers got some promising
youngsters engaged in the first race in
right culture and atlantic jewel
cultures but I winner of the last start
by five lengths she's a fun run landok
Jones was a nurse Cory last up she's a
get back horse that may be looking for a
little longer so I think that all sort
of tend to see how the race is run
really what's the focus is well and
truly on Saturday Kevin I also spoke
about December draw who's rocketed two
cups favoritism off his victory at
flemington last Saturday well it was
pretty exciting to see him improve like
he did from his first to his second run
and look you know he still got a few
bridges to cross before the cups he's
not qualified yet and you know until he
is it's a bit hard to get excited that's
been the word from the mark kavanagh
stable ahead of saturday's meeting at
Moonee Valley look forward to seeing who
begot you in action we look forward to
seeing you trackside